Span or switched port analyzer also called Port merging or port monitoring is a way to configure a switch
to make copies of Ethernet frames that are received on certain ports or certain v lines.
You could say as an example that all traffic arriving on Port gigabit to 1 0 1 gets copied out of another
port gigabit to 1 0 2.
Or you could say that all traffic that's received or sent on VLAN 1 is copied out of a gigabit.
One zero to spend becomes really important when you want to monitor traffic.
That's not destined to a specific device.
As an example you may have a network analyzer or intrusion detection system that needs to monitor traffic
that traverses your network.
You can configure a switch to either make copies of frames out of a local port or as you'll learn later
use what is called remote spam where you copy frames from a local switch to a remote switch so that
a remote monitoring station can receive the traffic.